1) a. Referee
     Prevent users from accessing each other's files without permission
     Even after a file is deleting and its space re-used

   b. Illusionist
      Files can grow (nearly) arbitrarily large
      Files persist even when the machine crashes in the middle of a save

   c. Glue 
      Named directories, printf,...

2)  Reliability
     Does the system do what it was designed to do?

    Availability
     What portion of the time is the system working?
     Mean Time To Failure (MTTF), Mean Time to Repair

    Security
     Can the system be compromised by an attacker?

    Privacy
     Data is accessible only to authorized users

3) Direct memory access (DMA) is the process of transferring data without the involvement of the processor itself.
   It is often used for transferring data to/from input/output devices. A separate DMA controller is required to handle the transfer.
   The controller notifies the DSP processor that it is ready for a transfer.

4) b.The operating system is allocated space first, usually at either low or high memory locations,
     and then the remaining available memory is allocated to processes as needed.

5) b.backup-password protect documents-hide data
   c.antivirus

6) through the file system-through messages passed between applications-throug regions of memory shared between the applications.
   according to the type of applications all the options are correct.

7) the virtual memory system uses the RAM + Hard Disk space and the combined hardware and software support to 
   provide the illusion of a nearly infinite virtual memory on a limited amount of physical memory.

8) from the virtual machine like vmware.

9)

10) Governments use permits to allocate some resources like petroleum, natural gas, etc.
    A company that wants to drill or mine for example must first get a permit to do so.
    To isolate misuse government pass legislation that define what misuse is what what the consequence for misuse is.
    Typically they’ll impose fines or even incarcerate individuals that misuse resources.

11) design an os with reliability,security,portability,performance and adoption.

12) make a checkpoint at a regular internal as the os is running.









